[Music]
hello it's Ruby and welcome to vlogmas
day 21 this morning I started off
studying by going through these
flashcards on ethical language I believe
and first of all I need is to sort
through them because I printed them off
on Quizlet and they weren't in the right
order and then I just went through all
of them and tested myself on them really
and yes I do say it aloud because I find
that I remember it better if I do and
then I made myself this coconut porridge
so I used water with my oats and then I
added a teaspoon of coconut cream and it
just tasted so so good I also added a
dollop of raspberry jam on top so then I
was just writing these Bonhoeffer
flashcards I was adding to them so then
here I was reading through the physical
chemistry chapters for a s in my
chemistry textbook and Here I am just
writing down the things which I couldn't
remember from last year so these are
things that I obviously have to revise
[Music]
and here are the pages that I went
through and I also use these pages to
add to and make new quizzes and then
Here I am writing an asset con on
ethical language and I did this from
memory on the back of what I had learned
from the flashcards which I tested
myself on earlier then I used my
flashcards to add in the bits that I had
forgotten to include and I put these in
blue so that I would remember which bit
I needed to review in revision then I
went through my conscience flashcards
and of course again I actually had to
sort through them to make sure they was
they were in the right order
[Music]
good morning I'm really sorry for not
having logged all morning properly that
I've just been studying so later on
today we are going to you the Harry
Potter history of magic exhibition at
the British Library
we had these tickets booked for months
and I am just so excited to finally see
it you might have seen me in those clips
drinking this tea I had it in my I
solemnly swear I'm up to no good mug
then here I was writing an essay parent
for conscience again from memory
[Music]
and then before we left I decided to
finish editing this gift guide which I
recently uploaded on my channel and I
also edited the thumbnail
on the train on the way to London I
decided to do some revision so I
wrote these essay plans and I also read
on this train journey I was reading the
lie tree
[Music]
we are here at the British Library ready
to go to the exhibition I think we've
got 10 minutes just under 10 minutes
until the last slot and it's very
exciting understandably I was unable to
film during the exhibition but I
strongly urge you to go yourself because
it was incredible so when I got home
from London I decided to do some youtube
Adlon just to start and then to the
essay which I wrote earlier I just added
the bits that I didn't include in blue
[Music]
and here I was just writing out some
equations from halide reactions
then here I was making a Quizlet and
right away I was adding to my halogens
quizlets I know that I never showed you
an outfit of the day but I just wanted
to point out that I'm wearing my castle
skirt and I got this from mini Bowden
and I love it so much because it just
reminds me of Hogwarts if they're still
selling it then I'll leave a link in the
description box it's ten o'clock
it took me way too long to edit my vlog
and so I haven't been able to do as I
planned and that's what I was planning
on doing I'll wake up earlier tomorrow
morning and do it I'm just too tired at
the moment I'm not gonna really do
anything other than read now thank you
for watching and have a productive week
and it's nearly Christmas Happy
Christmas